actual unwrapping of the headlight that
we just purchased off of ebay from Otto
lighthouse for seventy six dollars one
of the sides very good condition and
today we are actually going to place
this headlight into 2004 ford mustang
here which we have one of the headlights
already removed which we will
demonstrate that remember i as well good
what Ryan's going to do now is he's just
going to place in the area that he wants
to have it and so he's going to line up
the connectors with the the back area
that headlight and he's going to have
the connectors plugged in he's gonna go
ahead and plug them in okay well Ryan
did is grab the bulb from the original
headlight housing and with the the new
headlight housing you would just simply
put it back in in the back which is just
placed on the inside and then twist and
turn and it will completely fit in there
correctly so if your headlight from ebay
does not include that bulb you can
easily remove the old bulb from your old
housing and still use that for the new
so Ryan's going to go ahead and connect
the connector which is just sitting
right here inside the bumper once you
hear a nice little clip
nectar is secured right now we have the
headlight bulb and the connector snug
and secure and now what we're going to
do is going to go ahead and place the
headlight on the interior of the vehicle
itself real easy process you just push
it in and what you're going to do is
you're going to use these clips here
what you're going to easily secure the
headlight in the area and now we're
taking these clips so we're putting
putting them back into the original
slots here from the original headlights
and they fit in like so so wiggle it
just a little bit to make the let go in
there and there you have it the
headlight is completely installed in
less than five minutes and we're showing
a difference between the old headlight
which is from Ford which definitely has
some hazing and then the the new
headlight which can be on the driver's
side that we just got from ebay for
seventy six dollars which is practically
brand-new gorgeous looking very high
quality to give this from ebay auto
lighthouse seventy six dollars for both
of these care